1. Power palindrome (Reuse Extra credit from Lab 3 if you solved it)
A number is a palindrome if the number reads the same on reversal. That is the 1st digit from
left is equal to 1st digit from right; 2nd digit from left equals 2nd digit from right and so on.
For any palindromic number, the ith digit from left has as its "corresponding digit" ith digit
from right and vice-versa. For 4 digit numbers, 1st and 4th (both from left) are corresponding.
2nd and 3rd are corresponding. A number is a power palindrome if a digit is equal to either the square
or a square root of its corresponding digit. For example 2114 is a power palindrome.
1st digit (2) is square root of 4th digit (4). 
2nd digit (1) is square/ square root of 3rd digit (1). 
3rd digit (1) is square/ square root of 2nd digit (1). 
4th digit (4) is square of 1st digit (2). 
Write a Java class to input a 4 digit postive integer and check if it is a power palindrome. Make sure
that user inputs only a four digit number. Hint: Checking if a digit is square of its corresponding
digit is sufficient, square root test is taken care of by this indirectly.
2. Divisibility test:-
   Enter test number
   Enter divisibility number.
   Check if test number is divisible by divisibility number.
   Use switch case, and write logic for divisibility (dont use mod operator). 
   divisibility numbers will be from (2 and 5).


3. Write a Java class to implement a simple calculator using switch-case statement.
Your program must get as inputs the operation, followed by two integers and print the result.
You must support addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. Do not use keywords if and else.

Sample Input :
==============
Enter the operation: +
Enter two numbers 10 15

Sample Output:
==============
Result = 25


4. Write a Java program to find the smallest of three numbers using ternary operators.
Do not use keywords if and else.

5. Five Days of Summer:
Your local store provides winners of a lucky draw with gifts on five days during their
annual "Five Days of Summer Without Break" celebrations.
The gift details are given below.

Day 1: 1 Microphone
Day 2: 2 Loudspeakers
Day 3: 3 Keyboards
Day 4: 4 Java Books
Day 5: 5 iPhones

The gifts are accumulative. The winner of any day gets the gift for the day
and the gifts for all previous days during which a gift was given.

 For example Day 3 winner gets:
 3 Keyboards
 2 Loudspeakers
 1 Microphone

First listed is Day 3 gift (3 Keyboards), then gifts from previous days in order
2 Loudspeakers (Day 2) and 1 Microphone (Day 1).

Write a Java program to get a day (1 - 5) as input and print the gifts a
winner on the day will win. While printing, list the gifts based on the
descending order of days (as in Day 3 example above). Also ensure that you
get valid a day number as input. Make sure your program uses switch case structure
and the program source code is small.

6. Good, Bad, Excellent:
A number is a good number if it is a multiple of 2 or a multiple of both 3 and 5.
A number is an excellent number if it is not a good number and it is a multiple of both 2 and 3 but not 5.
A number is bad if it is neither good nor excellent.

Write a Java class to get an integer as input and print whether it is good, bad or excellent.

EC 1. Write the Weather color code program from Lab 3 without using keywords if or else.
You can use switch structure.
